DOCS-960: Consolidate team settings pages (and fix broken links, post-consolidation) (#1680)
wandb/docs: content/en/guides/models/app/settings-page/teams.md

{{< img src="/images/app_ui/teams_overview.webp" alt="Teams workspace overview" >}}

{{% alert %}}
Only Administration account types can change team settings or remove a member from a team.
{{% /alert %}}

## Create a collaborative team

1. [Sign up or log in](https://app.wandb.ai/login?signup=true) to your free W&B account.
2. Click **Invite Team** in the navigation bar.
3. Create your team and invite collaborators.
4. Configure your team using the settings described below.

{{% alert %}}
**Note**: Only the admin of an organization can create a new team.
{{% /alert %}}

## Team configuration

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure various settings for your team, including its membership, alerts, and privacy settings.

To manage your team's settings, navigate to the **Teams** section in the left-menu and click the team you want to change settings for. You can update the following settings:
```

### Members

> The Members section shows a list of all pending invitations and the members that have either accepted the invitation to join the team. Each member listed displays a member's name, username, email, team role, as well as their access privileges to Models and W&B Weave, which is inherited by from the Organization. You can choose from the standard team roles **Admin**, **Member**, and **View-only**. If your organization has created [custom roles]({{< relref "/guides/hosting/iam/access-management/manage-organization.md#create-custom-roles" >}}), you can assign a custom role instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Members section shows a list of all pending invitations and the members who have accepted the invitation to join the team. The list displays each member's name, username, email, team role, and access privileges to Models and W&B Weave, which are inherited from the organization. You can choose from the standard team roles **Admin**, **Member**, and **View-only**. If your organization has created [custom roles]({{< relref "/guides/hosting/iam/access-management/manage-organization.md#create-custom-roles" >}}), you can assign a custom role instead.
```

See [Add and Manage teams]({{< relref "/guides/hosting/iam/access-management/manage-organization.md#add-and-manage-teams" >}}) for information on how to create a team, manage teams, and manage team membership and roles. To configure who can invite new members and configure other privacy settings for the team, refer to [Privacy]({{< relref "#privacy" >}}).

> Team admins can open the team settings page and click the delete button next to the departing member's name. Any runs logged to the team remain after a user leaves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove a team member, admins can open the team settings page and click the delete button next to the departing member's name. Any runs logged to the team remain after a user leaves.
```

### Avatar

> Set an avatar by navigating to the **Avatar** section and uploading an image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set an avatar for your team:
```

> 1. Select the **Update Avatar** to prompt a file dialog to appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the **Teams** section in the left-menu and click the team you want to add an avatar for. This opens the team's overview page.
```

> 2. From the file dialog, choose the image you want to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Hover over the team's default avatar image in the upper-left corner of the page and click the **Upload photo** button. This opens a file prompt.
3. From the file prompt, select the image you want to use and then click **Open**.  This uploads the photo to your team and sets it as your team's avatar.
```

### Alerts

> Notify your team when runs crash, finish, or set custom alerts. Your team can receive alerts either through email or Slack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set up alerts to notify your team when runs crash and finish. Alerts can be sent through either email or Slack, and you can customize them to meet your needs.
```

> Toggle the switch next to the event type you want to receive alerts from. Weights and Biases provides the following event type options be default:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Team alerts** section, toggle the switch next to the event type you want to receive alerts from. Weights and Biases provides the following event type options:
```

* **Runs finished**: whether a Weights and Biases run successfully finished.

> * **Run crashed**: if a run has failed to finish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Run crashed**: if a run has failed to finish.
* **wandb.alert()**: A custom scriptable alert. See [Send alerts with `wandb.Run.alert()`]({{< relref "/guides/models/track/runs/alert.md" >}}) for more information.
```

> For more information about how to set up and manage alerts, see [Send alerts with `wandb.Run.alert()`]({{< relref "/guides/models/track/runs/alert.md" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

### Slack notifications

> Configure Slack destinations where your team's [automations]({{< relref "/guides/core/automations/" >}}) can send notifications when an event occurs in a Registry or a project, such as when a new artifact is created or when a run metric meets a defined threshold. Refer to [Create a Slack automation]({{< relref "/guides/core/automations/create-automations/slack.md" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure Slack destinations where your team's [automations]({{< relref "/guides/core/automations/" >}}) can send notifications when an event occurs in a registry or a project, such as when a new artifact is created or when a run metric meets a defined threshold. Refer to [Create a Slack automation]({{< relref "/guides/core/automations/create-automations/slack.md" >}}).
```

{{% pageinfo color="info" %}}
{{< readfile file="/_includes/enterprise-only.md" >}}
{{% /pageinfo %}}

### Webhooks

> Configure webhooks that your team's [automations]({{< relref "/guides/core/automations/" >}}) can run when an event occurs in a Registry or a project, such as when a new artifact is created or when a run metric meets a defined threshold. Refer to [Create a webhook automation]({{< relref "/guides/core/automations/create-automations/webhook.md" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure webhooks that your team's [automations]({{< relref "/guides/core/automations/" >}}) can run when an event occurs in a registry or a project, such as when a new artifact is created or when a run metric meets a defined threshold. Refer to [Create a webhook automation]({{< relref "/guides/core/automations/create-automations/webhook.md" >}}).
```

{{% pageinfo color="info" %}}
{{< readfile file="/_includes/enterprise-only.md" >}}
{{% /pageinfo %}}

### Privacy

> Navigate to the **Privacy** section to change privacy settings. Only organization admins can modify privacy setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Team privacy settings allow you to manage visibility and sharing abilities on your team. Only organization admins can modify privacy settings.

You can change the following privacy settings:
```

> - Turn off the ability to make future projects public or to share reports publicly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Hide this team from all non-members.
- Make all future team projects private (public sharing not allowed).
- Allow any team member to invite other team members (not just admins).
- Disable public sharing to outside of team for reports in private projects. This disables existing magic links.
- Automatically recommend new users with matching email domains join this team upon signup.
- Enable code saving by default.
```

> - Allow any team member to invite other members, rather than only team admins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Manage whether code saving is turned on by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
